# Simple Router Example
This code sample is a minimal, though fully functional, implementation to demonstrate building an application that routes messages to handlers in a pattern similar to [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/) and later [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/). The route handlers are registered with the application through decorators. As messages arrive, the application dispatches them to the appropriate handler based on some selection criteria.

I used this pattern to implement routing for a lightweight WebSocket API as well as an AWS Lambda function invoked by AWS triggers.

- `routing.py` defines the `Router` ("app" in Flask terms). The `route` method implements the `@route` decorator. The nested `register_route` function takes a kay argument that is the key for selecting the route. The `dispatch` method takes an event with a `route_key` element, looks up the route registered to handle that key, and then invokes the route handler by passing the event's `data` element to the handler.
- `simple.py` creates an instance of the `Router` and registers two handlers; one for "run" events (`route_key` equals `"run"`) and one for "pass" events. The `execute` function invokes the router's `dispatch` method to route an incoming message to the appropriate handler function. By convention, this function might be named `lambda_handler` in an AWS Lambda.
- `examples.py` provides examples to demonatrate the simple router application. The application is passed several sample messages of various types (as indicated by their `route_key`). Each message is routed to the function registered to handle messages of that type.
